Tree shaking
Self assessment
If it is my plot
So do you know where the elixir of life is now?
He will not take my elixir of life.
Ha ha ha.
Sorry.
I don't usually smile.
Unless you can't stand.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha I'll deal with them later, I'll see how you can laugh.
Okay, I'm not laughing anymore.
Keep going.
I will let you die now.
How is that possible?
I am the one who drank the elixir of life.
And when taking the elixir of life, do you smell urine?
Is there a fire bath?
You were tampered with by the Longevity Medicine.
How did you know it would fall into my hands?
I do not know.
Anyway, when I got caught at the empty gate when I was on drugs.
I added something inside.
When my men go robbing
why don't you stop
You don't give me a chance.
I really do not accept.
It is right to be unwilling.
Except for the sixth level of the Longevity Sparrow at your puppet door.
Everything else is in my hands.
Even the seventh floor I have.
Too bad you can't hear.
I haven't stabbed you in the heart yet.
you will die
Can mind, so cheap, he died like that.
Hello Pham Hien.
I feel strange.
Look, why is it so quiet around?
Ha ha ha, all attacked.
Even if the Jedi foundation is above you on the Great Wall